{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fprq2 Segoe UI;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 I get into web archiving two years ago, I had quite vague idea about topic and at first I thought I will do just crawls, help bit with of other things that curators deals with on technical level and focus in spare time on storage management issues as it looked way better approach to capitalize soon-to-gather knowledge. And I was right. If I spent more time on understanding storage concepts, my pay-roll would make me grin from ear to ear. But web archiving got me. During my first IIPC conference I realized web archiving deals with topics I was encountering during my New Media Studies. I had straight in front of me beautiful growing big data source with timestamps. Yey! Big companies deals with now and prognosis, with web archives we can dig history. But we have no users of big data. Nobody really cares about web archives. So we have tons of work to do.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 But first comes first and first what comes is realization that consolidating web archive is big task alone. Apparently, lot of much more skilled people before me started lot of projects dealing with web archiving in library. Tools, databases, projects etc. And not much documentation to start with, at least in technical terms. Luckily last crawl engineering introduced me into Heritrix and other IT guy helped me with Wayback. Otherwise my start would be much more painful and slow. I can still ask them for help, but doing things is best way to learn things. So I head into switching to Heritrix 3, because its architecture sounded much more stable for future development. }}